Update starkgate-adding_a_token.adoc (#1083)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/tools/pages/starkgate-adding_a_token.adoc

* The L2 ERC-20 contract is a standard contract, so it is not recommended to add tokens with non-standard behavior, such as inflationary tokens.

> * Adding a token that requires a customized bridging mechanism or a non-standard ERC-20 contract on L2 is currently not pemissionless, and can be done only by the StarkWare team. Please contact StarkWare on our Community [Forum](https://community.starknet.io/) and Discord [channel](https://discord.com/invite/qypnmzkhbc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding a token that requires a customized bridging mechanism or a non-standard ERC-20 contract on L2 is currently not permissionless, and can be done only by the StarkWare team. Please contact StarkWare on the link:https://community.starknet.io/[Starknet Community Forum] and link:https://discord.com/invite/qypnmzkhbc[Discord channel].
```
